[Jellyfin] Overhaul README.md (#16359)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.jellyfin/README.md

# Jellyfin Binding

This is the binding for [Jellyfin](https://jellyfin.org), the volunteer built media solution that puts you in control of your media.
This binding allows connect to Jellyfin clients that supports remote control, it's built on top of the official Jellyfin kotlin sdk.
Compatible with Jellyfin servers from version `10.8.1`, recommended is `10.8.13`.

## Discovery

> To discover clients, you must first configure a server (bridge). After that, device discovery will detect controllable clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To discover clients, you must first configure a server (bridge).
After that, device discovery will detect controllable clients.
```

| play-last-by-id            | String | Add to playback queue as last by id, works for series, episodes and movies                                      |
| browse-by-id               | String | Browse media by id, works for series, episodes and movies                                                       |

### Terms Search

The terms search has a default behavior that can be modified by sending some predefined prefixes.

> The default behavior is to search for movies, series or episodes whose name starts with the given text, if it finds results the bind will proceed as said before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behavior is to search for movies, series or episodes whose name starts with the given text.
If it finds results, the bind will proceed as said before.
```

If the result is a series the binding will try to resume some episode, if not it will look for the next episode to watch and finally will fall back to the first episode.

You can prefix your search with `<type:movie>`, `<type:episode>`, `<type:series>` to restrict your search to a given type.

Also, you can target a specific series episode by season and episode numbers prefixing your search with `<season:1><episode:1>` with the desired values. So `<season:3><episode:10>Something` will try to play the episode `10` for the season `3` of the series named `Something`.

> ## Known limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Known Limitations
```

> This binding was tested against the android tv, and web clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This binding was tested against Android TV and web clients.
```

I think?

> The only problem that were found is that the channels `play-next-by-terms` and `play-last-by-terms` don't work currently on the android tv client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only problem that was found is that the channels `play-next-by-terms` and `play-last-by-terms` don't currently work on the Android TV client.
```

> Before open an issue please test you are able to correctly control your device from the Jellyfin web ui to identify whetter is an issue on the client itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before opening an issue, please test that you are able to correctly control your device from the Jellyfin web UI to identify whether it's an issue on client side.
```

]
```

The `token` and `userId` can be retrieved using the login form at `http://YOUROPENHABIP:PORT/jellyfin/exampleServerId`

### Example Client - jellyfin_clients.things

```java
Thing jellyfin:client:exampleServerId:<JELLYFIN_DEVICE_ID> "Jellyfin Web client"     (jellyfin:server:exampleServerId)
Thing jellyfin:client:exampleServerId:<JELLYFIN_DEVICE_ID> "Jellyfin Android client" (jellyfin:server:exampleServerId)
```

> It is recommended creating the clients using the discovery. For getting the device ids manually it is possible to use the Jellyfin web interface with the web inspector and look for the request that is launched when you click the cast button (`<jellyfin url>/Sessions?ControllableByUserId=XXXXXXXXXXXX`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to create the clients using the discovery.
For getting the device ids manually, it is possible to use the Jellyfin web interface with the web inspector and look for the request that is launched when you click the cast button (`<jellyfin url>/Sessions?ControllableByUserId=XXXXXXXXXXXX`).
```
